Slife. A world of Mythical Creatures and Magic. A world where.. We don't care about that. All you gotta know is that there's an island, a person who decided to explore that island to make a colony, and that there is an evil king trying 
to make your colony to work for him until he wrings you all dry. Maybe. 










Isekai Mode (Will probably never be implemented)
You are just an average kid, average grades, average looks, average. Despite that, you were unhappy. Having read many Isekai trash, you wish to be Isekai'd just like those main characters. Except, you aren't a main character.
One day on your way back home, while crossing the street, the cars around you started honking for some reason. You turn to check what the commotion was, and there it was, a speeding truck heading right at you. You open arms to embrace
the trucking speeding at you, hoping to get Isekai'd... But as it hit you, you felt a lot of pain, but somehow bounced right off the truck and landed on the streets in one piece... Alive but unconscious.
You wake up to an unfamiliar ceiling, but to your dismay, you are in the hospital. "Ah you're awake," says the doctor next to you, "It's a miracle you're still in one piece. Any normal person would be shredded by that impact by now!"
After checking your body a bit more, amazed by the little amount of damage you had taken, the doctor leaves the room.
"*********" you curse out loud and slam the bed, and pain shot up your arms. But it wasn't enough to stop you and your anger. Suddenly, the room started glowing.
A man with a halo descends from the window, and you realize he looks extremely familiar. It was the man himself, Jesus Christ. 
"You seem unhappy, my child," his voice echoes through the room. You rub your eyes to make sure you aren't hallucinating. You shake your head to make sure you weren't hearing things.
But the figure stood there, awaiting your reply. And so you replied, "Yes, I'm unhappy! I wanted to be Isekai'd!"
"I see, so that's what kids are up to these days," Jesus shakes his head, "Well, I shall grant your wish. Interestingly enough, your parents came from that world." "Huh?"
The whole room starts getting brighter, even closing your eyes wasn't enough. You feel nauseous, you want to puke but nothing comes up... And then you pass out.

You wake up on a beach. You look around and see a wrecked ship on the shore...